(humming)
(bird caws)
(suspenseful music)
- Our father who art in heaven,
hallowed be thy name, thy kingdom,
thy kingdom come, thy will be done.
(wind howling)
I can't feel my feet.
Oh it's so cold.
(groaning)
(sobbing)
God, help me.
I'll never get there without a lantern.
Are you there God?
Are you there?
Do you care about me?
(suspenseful music)
Oh, God.
You helped Annette, when
she was stuck in the snow.
Help me, please.
Please.
I didn't do that to Dani on purpose.
I promise I didn't.
Please help me.
Please help me to get to the doctor.
Please.
Please someone come and find me.
(peaceful music)
(door knocking)
- Yes?
- Excuse me Monsieur Givert,
where you by any chance
expecting any, any visitors?
- A visitor, at this hour?
- Yes, it's like this Monsieur.
About quarter of an hour ago,
I heard a little rap on the door
and when I went to answer it,
there standing on the
step is this boy in skis.
About 12 years old, white as a sheet,
looking more like a ghost than a boy.
(laughs)
"I want to see Monsieur Givert" says he.
Without so much as a good morning.
Then he falls down on his knees
and leans his head against the door post.
"Well" says I, "you can't
come calling on people
"at this time in the morning,
he's sound asleep in his bed."
"Then I'll wait" says he.
And he sinks his head down in his knees.
Well sir, I don't like
to see a child like that.
So I takes his skis off,
and I drags him inside
and I puts him on a chair.
"Where have you come from?" says I.
"From Pays-d'Enhaut" says he.
"Hows that?" says I, "the
early train's not in yet."
"I came through the pass" says he.
Yes Monsieur, through the pass.
And the more I look at him,
the more likely I feel to believe it.
And when I saw your light on
I thought I'd come and see
if you'd like to see him too.
- Well, I'll come and see him certainly.
But as for coming through the pass
I don't believe a word of it.
It must have been terrible
out there last night.
- Well you'll see for yourself sir.
- Oh dear.
(suspenseful music)
I'll take him to my room.
Bring me a hot water
bottle and some brandy.
Oh and some hot coffee.
- Yes sir.
- And be as quick as you can.
- At once sir.
- Ah right.
- Monsieur.
- Ah.
- A hot water bottle.
- Thank you Porter.
- And uh, Brandy Monsieur.
- Thank you.
- Oh, the poor boy.
Yes.
- Thank you.
- I'll get the coffee Monsieur.
- That's right.
(suspenseful music)
- Who are you?
- I'm Monsieur Givert, I
understand you wanted to see me.
- Are you the great,
clever, famous doctor?
- (laughs) No, I'm just a doctor.
- Can you make lame children walk?
- It depends why they're
lame, sometimes I can.
- He fell off a precipice
and now he has to walk with crutches.
- Who?
- Little Dani Burnier.
He lives in the chalet next to ours.
I was going to ask whether
you could make him well again.
- Coffee Monsieur.
- Thank you Porter.
- Here we are.
- There we are.
Here hmm.
How did you hear of me?
- My sister's a maid here, she told me.
- But how did you get here in that storm?
- I came over the pass on my skis.
- (laughs) You couldn't
have done, not that night.
- But I did.
Please sir, would this be
enough to make Dani better?
(bell ringing)
- Excuse me, sir.
- What's your name?
- Lucien Morell.
- Lucien, bfore we go any further
I must know where this money came from.
Do you know how much there is here?
- No, but my sister said you'd want a lot.
Isn't it enough?
- (laughs) That depends whether
you want to buy my clinic as well.
Lucien, where did you get it?
- An old man I know, I'm friends with him.
And there's a message with it he said.
It was a payment of a debt
and you are to take it all.
- Who is this old man?
What's his name?
- I don't know.
- Where does he live?
- Please, he made me
promise not to tell you.
He's sort of a secret and no
one goes to see him except me.
- All right, I shan't ask
anything more for now.
But tell me about little Dani's accident.
How did it happen and when?
- It was my fault really.
I was teasing him and then,
I pretended to drop to
drop his cat over a ravine.
And then by mistake, I really did.
Dani went after it,
fell and broke his leg.
And ever since, he's never
walked properly again.
And I thought perhaps--
- All right.
We'll go and see Dani together.
It may be that God is going to make you
the means of curing him.
You know, you have a lot to thank God for.
I think he must have
been looking after you
in a very special way last night,
or you would never have
got over that pass alone.
Now, I think you'd better get some sleep.
(door knocking)
Before I take you home, hm?
- Porter Monsieur Givert,
ah, Monsieur Givert!
- Oh sir, Porter tells me
you've got my little brother.
Is he all right?
- Yes, exhausted but all right.
- Oh sir, we've been
searching for him all night.
- Don't worry my dear, I
think he'll be all right now.
Perhaps you'd tell Dani's parents
that I'll be along to see him, would you?
- Yes, thank you Monsieur.
- Thank you so much, you're
very helpful, thank you.
- Porter I'll certain the management
will give you the day off.
- Dr. Givert I'm sure they will.
(bell ringing)
(cheerful music)
(coughs)
- Dani, would you like a sweet?
- Yes, go on.
- (laughs) Does your leg hurt you?
- No.
- Hmm.
- No Monsieur.
- Monsieur.
Only sometimes when I
walk without my crutches.
Would you like to see my crutches?
- Very much indeed.
- Ah, (laughs) wonderful.
Just like a kangaroo.
Now give me your crutches
and let me see you walk without them, hm?
(peaceful music)
Ah (laughs).
- Lets have some coffee, shall we Annette?
- Yes Grandma.
- There we go
Now.
Hmm, now.
Hmm-mm.
Yeah, yes.
- Well?
- Would you like to be able to run around
like other little boys, hmm?
- Hmm-mm.
- Dani, where's that fine cat gone?
- To the woodshed, would
you like to see him?
- Yes please.
Whey.
I think I may be able to help you,
though I'd have to see the X-Rays first.
I think the bone was not properly set
and has joined up in the wrong way.
I could break it again
and pull it out straight,
but it would mean an operation
and a long stay in hospital.
Would you be willing to let him come?
- Well, um, how much would it cost?
- It wouldn't cost you
anything, Lucien has paid.
But I can't explain that now,
we must decide before Dani comes back.
Will you let me take him?
- Yes.
- When?
- Tomorrow, I'll be
leaving on the early train,
I'll take Dani with me.
- On the train?
Where am I going?
Where Annette?
- Dani, you're coming
with me down to the lake,
where I'm going to make your leg better.
- And Annette, and Klaus,
and Grandma and Papa.
- Oh, Dani we can't all come.
- Does the girl know anything
about looking after children?
- She brought this one up.
- And Annette.
So, I want to see you two at the station
at half past eight tomorrow
morning and enough things
to last you for two or
three months, all right?
- Yes.
- Now, I must take poor Lucien home.
And then I have another
small matter to deal with.
(bells ringing)
Who's that old man?
Oi, stop.
Do you know him?
The money.
Excuse me, Monsieur!
Monsieur!
Excuse me, Monsieur.
Excuse me, Monsieur, I know
this sounds rather silly
but this sock, do you know
anything about this sock?
- No, no no, no.
- And that little boy down there?
- No, no, no.
- Please Monsieur.
No it can't be.
(laughing)
Come with me.
Oh where have you been?
- Oh, such a long time.
- What have you been doing?
Why didn't you get in touch with me?
- I've been so ashamed.
- But you might have known,
we've been wondering where you were.
- Woodcarver It would
have spoiled your life.
- Dr. Givert But why did you go away?
- Woodcarver It would have
spoiled all your chances.
- Dr. Givert Oh no, no.
- It would have.
(laughing)
Oh it's so good to see you my boy.
So good.
- Lucien, I would like
you to meet my father.
He's coming home with me as well.
(laughing)
Come on father, get on the sleigh.
There we are, what a day.
(laughs) Lets go, away.
(cheerful music)
- Hello Lucien, where are you going?
- I'm going to the station,
Annette and Dani are coming today.
- Oh, give them my love.
- All right.
- Hello Lucien.
- Good morning.
- Grandma Burnier Do you
think they will have changed?
- Monsieur Burnier Oh mother,
surely not in three months.
- Grandma Burnier My dear
when you were their age.
- Monsieur Burnier Yes I know.
And they were dragged off to the city
by some stranger as well.
- The place has been
so quiet without them.
- Yes, it has rather.
(train horn whistles)
(train rattling)
Can you see them yet?
- Lucien Voiceover It was your fault.
it was all your fault.
- There they are.
Look, can you see them?
- Yes.
- Annette Voiceover It was your fault.
It was all your fault.
- Hello.
Come on, come here.
- Dr. Givert Voiceover Maybe that God
is going to make you means of curing him.
- Lucien, watch me.
(cheerful music)
- Grandma Burnier Be careful.
Come on let me help you.
(cheerful music)